hi I'm Sarah wheeler I'm an independent
distributor for premier designs jewelry
and I'm here today just to show you a
little tidbits about different ways to
wear jewelry the first piece I'm going
to start with is called Newport so I'm
going to show you this necklace nice
long necklace here and for any of you
who have been to a premier show you will
hear different jewelers talk about this
being a piece that changes colors well
as we know it's not a magic trick or
anything but when you have these clear
crystals here with the great pearls it
picks up the color of whatever you have
behind it so blue is really pretty
purples and Pink's also so I'm going to
show you some different ways first of
all you can wear this Newport necklace
long a lot of people might like this
look but most people don't have such a
long torso that they'd be able to wear
such a long necklace so that is one way
I'm going to show you a few other ways
so we're gonna take the necklace off and
we're just gonna open up where the clasp
is you open that and you put it around
your neck so the clasp is at the bottom
and then you're going to adjust it you
want to bring this lobster claw here and
you want to bring it right under the
bust area and you're going to create a
beach
so you're gonna attach it to a little
circle here and now you have a v-shape
now for most people this will be way too
long so I'm going to bring up the bottom
piece and attach it back up into the
lobster claw and then we have a nice
v-shape now this is very nice for
slenderizing looks most ladies we're not
wanting to look this way we're wanting
to look this way so this is a nice way
of slenderizing an outfit another way we
can wear this piece it is as a belt many
of the premier pieces that you will find
have options if they are long enough to
wear as a belt so I'm going to take this
find where you want it if you want to
wear high up and use a lobster claw that
was too loose let's do a little tighter
all right so then you can do it like
this and have something dangling down or
you can bring it back cut up just like
before and have it like this so there is
another way to wear that now another
thing that I would like to introduce
when talking about Newport is something
called a clipping all of us know we have
long necklaces at home and we'd like to
double a necklace but sometimes when we
double our necklace it will we catch it
on something that ends up choking us so
a good thing to keep in mind about a
clip very inexpensive yet I use them
daily so you're going to take your clip
it and you put it where the clasp is
you're not going to put it through a
loop but you just go like this you rest
it inside so then you can choose if you
want to go directly all the way over or
if you want to do layers so I'm gonna
say I want a short layer in a long layer
so I'm gonna do this and create a short
layer now all I do I'm going to show you
from the front first all I'm gonna do is
go like this
and clasp it now you can see I just
formed two layers just by that clip and
it's not going anywhere it's gonna stay
there so now let me show you how I did
that from the back so I have my clip we
go here other end and all you do is so
you feel a little a little clasp so
there we have our two layers now this is
very pretty with different necklines
depending on how you are already dressed
you can match the different layers
another thing I like to introduce in
terms of layering with two different
layers I mean is enhancers we have
different enhancers that have a magnetic
opening the thing about this makes it
really easy to take on and off but yet
its sturdy so it will stay on this
particular piece is called via net now
I'm going to take the net open it
magnetically here and just put it on
this top part and now that changes the
necklace completely the necklace looks a
lot different this way well if you think
that this is too simple for you there's
another type of magnetic enhancer
it's called styling it's a little bolder
bigger piece and you can put this here
and now you have this look there are
many different enhancers in the
catalogue so you can just look through
and see what you like this I these are
just two pieces I picked out that I like
with Newport alright I'm going to show
you a couple other things
so I'm going to take my flip it off and
I'm gonna take the clasp on one side and
pulley to the other side and all I'm
gonna do is twist opposite direction so
now I have a twisted piece I'm gonna
take my clip it again put it in here and
just like before reach behind find the
other side and now you have a twisted
look now depending again whatever you're
wearing this just gives you another look
you can also twist another another
necklace in and to create a chunkier
look whatever you're looking for and
then once again
you can always take an enhancer and put
it on and find whichever way that it's
twisted
and I can't see him here it's okay
and then so you have a twisted look with
an enhancer